hello my name is Jake Garn and I'm
Joshua DeLaGarza check out this review
on the brave and wireless speakers it's
really cool
as a photographer you're the director
says means to your biggest jobs to
direct the energy the best way to do
that on send music outside and though is
that hard to get people falling down and
now we have amazing little speaker that
connects wirelessly to your iPhone's and
has amazing sounds
no matter what weather no matter inside
or outside or just turn it around in a
backpack you can now control the energy
of your photo shoots wherever you go i
love these speakers
you
it keeps the shoot energetic lot
especially on the long one mr. Cole if
it's repetition whatever energy stays up
because their music substances
brave is not delivering the music but
let's be honest music sound get the cap
I hope you loved watching this video
with a whole bunch of snippets from a
whole bunch of projects continue to
watch you for love to see the whole
story behind the story and be sure to
follow us on twitter at Josh 22 de l do
you have a twist it yeah I don't really
use it JK garden though Jake Garn on
Twitter it's a van by the homeless
shelter you're stealing my thunder
you